Improve README (#58)
SUSE/BCI-tests: README.md

# Container testing

## What is this?

This is a tooling to test our BCI containers, ensuring they are matching what our ISVs are expecting, e.g.:

* ensure they don't exceed a certain size
* working with multi-stage dockerfiles
* able to build common software for the languages we provide
* test how they behave in FIPS environments
* ...

## How can I contribute?

> * Do a PR to increase coverage. See also below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a PR to increase test coverage (see below for further information)
```

* Create an issue, stating your use case.
* Improve our documentation

## What do I need to contribute?

> * A host with modern python 3.8+

Reviewer: Modern sounds weird in this context
```suggestion
* A host with python 3.8+
```
